fix: makefile in localstack tutorial (#8)
testcontainers/workshop-go: step-7-adding-localstack.md

	go mod tidy

build-lambda: mod-tidy

> 	GOOS=linux GOARCH=amd64 go build -tags lambda.norpc -o bootstrap main.go

Reviewer: I think this line is only needed because in the session I gave in Berlin, I used Testcontainers Cloud, which gives you an Ubuntu AMD64 VM in our cloud. So it's only needed if using Testcontainers Desktop + Testcontainers Cloud.

If you use plain Docker, or Testcontainers Desktop + local runtime (embedded or other), it will work without the env var.

If we set this value to a fixed `amd64`, anybody running this workshop on an ARM machine, using an ARM container for localstack will end up with failures when their lambda container executes the lambda binary.

Wdyt if we add a comment instead?

Author: Yup , totally makes sense - let's add a comment

Reviewer: Would you mind adding it, or I should I do it myself? Whatever works for you 🙏

Reviewer: Please see https://github.com/testcontainers/workshop-go/pull/8#discussion_r1446005886

> 	GOOS=linux GOARCH=amd64 go build -tags lambda.norpc -o bootstrap main.go

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	# If you are using Testcontainers Cloud, please add 'GOARCH=amd64' in order to get the localstack's lambdas using the right architecture
	GOOS=linux go build -tags lambda.norpc -o bootstrap main.go
```
